#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==2.0.0
    # via
    #   chex
    #   optax
    #   par-segmentation
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
anyio==4.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.13.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
chex==0.1.85
    # via optax
comm==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
discco==0.2.7
    # via src (pyproject.toml)
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.0
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.45.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.23.4
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.59.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imageio==2.33.0
    # via scikit-image
ipykernel==6.27.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipympl==0.9.3
    # via
    #   par-segmentation
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via ipympl
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via
    #   ipympl
    #   jupyter
    #   matplotlib-polyroi
    #   saibr
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jax==0.4.20
    # via
    #   chex
    #   discco
    #   optax
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
jaxlib==0.4.20
    # via
    #   chex
    #   optax
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   par-segmentation
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib-polyroi
    #   saibr
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.9
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.5.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via
    #   discco
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib-polyroi
    #   par-segmentation
    #   saibr
    #   seaborn
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
matplotlib-polyroi==0.1.7
    # via
    #   par-segmentation
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   tensorflow
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.11.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via scikit-image
notebook==7.0.6
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   chex
    #   contourpy
    #   discco
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   ipympl
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   matplotlib
    #   matplotlib-polyroi
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-contrib-python-headless
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   pandas
    #   par-segmentation
    #   saibr
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-contrib-python-headless==4.8.1.78
    # via src (pyproject.toml)
opencv-python==4.8.1.78
    # via
    #   par-segmentation
    #   saibr
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow
optax==0.1.7
    # via
    #   discco
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorflow
pandas==2.1.3
    # via
    #   discco
    #   par-segmentation
    #   seaborn
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
par-segmentation==0.1.12
    # via
    #   discco
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
platformdirs==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.23.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.6
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.31.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.13.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
saibr==0.1.6
    # via src (pyproject.toml)
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via
    #   discco
    #   matplotlib-polyroi
    #   par-segmentation
    #   saibr
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via saibr
scipy==1.11.4
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   matplotlib-polyroi
    #   par-segmentation
    #   saibr
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
seaborn==0.11.0
    # via src (pyproject.toml)
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via src (pyproject.toml)
tensorboard==2.15.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.15.0
    # via
    #   par-segmentation
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.34.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.9.26
    # via scikit-image
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toolz==0.12.0
    # via chex
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   discco
    #   par-segmentation
    #   src (pyproject.toml)
traitlets==5.14.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   chex
    #   tensorflow
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.4
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.42.0
    # via astunparse
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
